feat(changelog): containers-added-ephemeral-storage-customisable 2024-09-19 (#3730)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2024/2024-09-19-containers-added-ephemeral-storage-customisable.mdx

---

> title: Ephemeral storage customisable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Ephemeral storage is now customizable
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-09-19
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> Previously Serverless Containers ephemeral storage was set to 1 GB but it's now customisable without additional costs !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, ephemeral storage for Serverless Containers was set to 1 GB. Now, you can customize the ephemeral storage size at no additional cost.
```
